We're going to analyze Mark Zuckerberg's interview regarding the instant personalization.
Now, for those of you who don't know what instant personalization is.
It's a feature that came out at least a decade ago, and it was about how you would search for, let's
say, hotels somewhere.
And within the next few seconds, you start seeing ads for hotels in your Instagram or Facebook or even
Google.
And that's your instant personalization back when it came out.
It led to some huge privacy concerns and it didn't go down well.
And today we take it for granted that your and we trust that your data is in safe hands.
Back then, it wasn't the case.
And the reason I'm sharing this interview is it's a three minute video and we're going to analyze it
together to see what you shouldn't be doing in an interview.
And that's it.
Let's take a look.
Do you feel like it's a backlash or that you feel like you're violating people's privacy?
Do you?
So the interviewer wants to know something that's very controversial.
Is it a violation of people's privacy to have instant personalization, to snoop into their ads and
their searches and generate ads or send ads to them that are based on their web searches?
Do you feel like you're adequately portrayed as a.
Because I want to wonder now let's pay attention to how Mark Zuckerberg answers this question about
the person who actually created this thing.
Yeah, I mean, you know, a lot of stuff happened happened along the way, I think.
You know, there were real learning points and turning points along the way in terms of in terms of
building things.
You know, it really went from this position very early on where we were just in this college dorm room
to we moved out to California.
It was a few friends and me.
And I'm going to pause here for a moment just to analyze what's happened so far.
So the question there was, is it a violation of people's privacy to be doing this?
The answer, the response from Marc has nothing to do with violation.
Now, if you remember from the previous videos conveying versus convincing, this is a conveying question.
So the question can literally be responded to with a yes or no.
Is it a violation?
Yes or no?
Instead, he chose to take the long road and say that it started off with an idea in his garage and
things like that.
Now, diversion is a common tactic when you don't know or you don't want to answer.
And I strongly recommend against using diversion in an interview because.
The sooner you get to the point, the sooner you convey the information or convince the other person,
the better your chances at getting the job done quicker and leaving the interviewer with a happier memory.
I'm.
You know, it just kind of had this project feel for a while.
And there was this real turning point when when companies started trying to buy the company for a huge
amount of money.
And, you know, I had to kind of get my friends together and we had to decide what was it that we really
cared about and what was it that we wanted to do?
Now we're going to observe his facial expressions for a moment here.
You see him sweat.
You see him perspire.
And you see that the muscles on his face are really tense.
What does that tell us that he is?
He does not want to be there.
Now, if your muscles are religion's.
Then you want to do whatever it takes.
To move on to get back to a state of comfort.
And the fundamental nature of human beings is in a conversation.
They want to be heard.
It is the same thing for your interviewer as well.
Your interviewer wants to be heard and so do you.
Now the question is, can you find common ground?
And if you do, then you're in a position of comfort.
If you cannot, then you're you're in, you're uncomfortable, and your brain wants you to move away
from that as quickly as possible.
Two.
And we decided not to take those offers.
And, you know, to me, a lot of that decision was that what we wanted to do and what we wanted to
spend, you know, a big part of our lives doing was just continuing to push and and kind of build products
that help people share information.
Now, think about this.
He still hasn't answered the question.
Build products that help people stay connected.
And that's really what we're spending our time doing.
And, you know, I think there's just been a lot of a lot of space between that early stuff and where
we are now.
If I could if I knew what I knew now, then, then I hope I wouldn't have made those mistakes.
But I can't go back and change the past.
I can only do what we think is the right thing going forward.
So before we move off this privacy thing, and I thought that was a fascinating answer, want to take
off the hoodie?
You know, I never take off the I know you don't that there's a group.
Now, one of the reasons she probably wants him to take off the hoodie is she's able to sense how much
discomfort he's in.
And in order to answer the question at hand, they want him to feel comfortable again.
Women in the audience that wish you would know.
Now, at this moment, I also want you to observe their body language.
She is the interviewer here, is leaning away, leaning back and away from the interviewee, which is
Mark Zuckerberg.
And hotels are pointing away.
Her leg is crossed towards this other interviewer and her toes are pointing away.
What does that tell you?
That he is losing the attention.
He's losing the interest of the speakers of the interview with.
Huh, girls?
Whoa.
All right.
Sorry.
That's okay.
Can you explain what this instant personalization thing was that you did and why you did it?
And what was the what's the value of it to users?
Maybe I should take off the hoodie.
Take off the go ahead.
So again, the question was, can you explain instant personalization?
And now the response is directed towards the hoodie.
We get someone.
Are you all right?
Yeah.
This is a great moment in Internet history.
What?
All right.
What are we going to do with the mic?
Put it on your.
Put on the collar of your T-shirt.
You want.
You need some help?
No.
All right.
Okay.
Sorry about that.
No, we're not even yelling at you.
Yeah.
We're not going to yell at it now.
Of course not.
That is a warm hoodie.
Yeah.
No, it's a thick hoodie.
It's.
It's a company hoodie.
We print our mission on the inside.
What?
Oh, really?
The inside of the hoodie.
Everybody take it off.
What is it?
Making the making the world more open and connected.
Oh, my God.
It's like a secret vault.
Maybe that making the world open and connected.
Stream graph platform.
And this weird symbol in the middle that is probably for the Illuminati.
Now, at this point, one would think that the attention has successfully been diverted from privacy
violations to the hoodie.
Oh, 2000 and no, it's 2010.
Oh, no.
Now, as you can see.
As you can see.
That that video was an example of what not to do in an interview.
First of all, don't try diversion tactics.
There are several different kinds of lies and false.
There are things like falsification, aggrandized, fashion, miniaturization or minimization.
Diversion.
Diversion is one.
You want to answer the question that they ask you and then you want to follow that up with does that
answer the question?
So that's how you build a relationship.
There are more tricks to building a relationship, which we'll talk about in the next video.
But for now, I hope this was a fun activity for you and that you got a lot of tips so far on what to
do as well as what not to do in an interview.
As far as body language goes.
Thank you so much.
I was I look forward to seeing you in the next video and I hope I was able to add value to you.